Dear Jia Yi,

    Before you read my side of the story, I just want you to know that I am truly sorry. I know I am being selfish right now by sending this message, and I’m sorry. If you ever want me to do anything other than leave you alone, in order to atone, I will do it.

    I wish you will believe me when I said that I was not suicidal then. I was not trying to commit suicide, nor attempting to video myself committing it. I have never lied to you, you know this, so please believe me. When we watched A Silent Voice, where the nickname “Tsuki” came from, you made me promise you to never commit suicide. When have I ever broken a promise to you? And likewise, all I wanted then and up to now, was to fulfill our promise. Our promise at East Coast Park, our promise on the Flyer’s floor, to always talk things out first. 

    The words I said the day before were hurtful. I know that, and I am sorry. I woke up, wanting to talk. I sent a message asking to. You did not give me the chance to apologize and talk. Later on throughout the day, my emotions spiraled more, leading me to call you. At first the call would ring, before you failed to pick up. After which, I couldn’t even call you, it hung up instantly. I called Anastasia, I messaged your cousin, I messaged Cooper. You made me promise to contact at least 2 other people if I ever spiral super badly, and you weren’t there for me. I kept that promise. You know how important promises are to me.

    I was a broken mess at the end of the entire ordeal. I just wanted to talk to you. I kept repeating that in the video. I just wanted you to fulfill our promise, and talk, but at that point, the only thing left for me to do was to go to sleep. And so I took xanax, and tried to sleep. Only after the video, did I realise how much I took, and I was scared I would die, hence I sent what would be my “last words”. I am sorry for scaring you. I really am. But I also was not trying to die. If I died, how would I be able to fulfill all my promises to you? To hear what you have to say? To stay alive like I promised you?

    I’m really sorry that I scared you. I am really sorry that by sending you that video and making you think I was attempting suicide, I have hurt you so much. I really am. I did not think of the consequences, and I am so very sorry. I hope that you will forgive me eventually, but not forget. I hope you will stop hurting soon, and be happy. Thank you for calling the ambulance, and making sure that I didn’t die.

    After reading Anastasia’s message, my emotions spiked, but I talked to my mum, and she told me to give everything a second chance, a different view. I will view everything that has happened thus far to be a sign to start over again, to keep on living life.

    I have so much more I want to say, but I will leave you alone now. I will heal, and move on, even if it will take me weeks, months or years. But I will not forget, and I will always be waiting for you. You might never want to talk to me ever again, and that is completely fair. But if you ever want to talk to me in the future, no matter how far in the future, I will be there.

    If this is the last time I get to talk to you, thank you for the memories. They may hurt now, but I know one day that I will look back on them as fond memories. The period of time I spent with you truly was the happiest I have ever felt, and I want to thank you for that. I think you are an amazing person, and I will forever know that what I said on top of MBS is the truth. I love you so very much.

Love,
Jovian


