Regrets:
    1) I didn't get to say a proper farewell to Jia Yi, in person nor on phone, and now I don't even know if I will ever get to talk to her ever again
    
    2) I regret not hugging and kissing Jia Yi at Qatar Airport. 
    It might have gotten us into trouble, but looking back on it, it would've been so much better than just letting her go through the covid screening gate, 
    and when she turned back she couldn't see me anymore.
    
    3) I regret not being stronger mentally. I tried not to spiral, but as soon as I do, I immediately relied on Jia Yi, instead of sucking things up.
    I thought that when I went through what happened with Vee, that was the lowest possible point I could ever be at, and I couldn't take it. I bothered Jia Yi then.
    Then what happened with LY hurt more than what happened with Vee, and I couldn't take it. I slowly rebuilt and bothered Jia Yi with my baggage while rebuilding.
    During my relationship with Jia Yi, I would still get my stupid BPD spirals, and fear of abandonment triggers, and I would bother Jia Yi immediately.
    
    All these bothering made her unable to love me. She felt so emotionally drained, and because of her mental block, she eventually chose herself over me.
    
    Now after what happened, everything hurts more than a thousand times during what happened with LY or Vee, and I'm still alive. I spiral almost every day,
    breaking down and being unable to do anything, and I am somehow still able to survive. I'm not living, but I'm surviving, and the times I bothered Jia Yi,
    compared to this was nothing. If I can survive this daily pain right now, I would've been able to survive my spirals in the past without bothering Jia Yi.
    Then she wouldn't have felt emotionally drained. Then she wouldn't have to choose between me or herself. Then she wouldn't have hated me and maybe wouldn't have left

    4) I regret not knowing how to be in a relationship. Jia Yi is the first person I have ever loved, but I do not know how to be a boyfriend. I tried, but I failed.
    We argued so much, even though I didn't want to argue. I love her so much and I just want to be a loving, caring boyfriend. But somehow I failed.
    I should've asked other people for advice on how to be in a relationship, especially how to be in long distance one.
    
    I really do not regret loving her and confessing to her. But I do regret not being the best person I could've been. I hate myself and I hate that I am not able to make Jia Yi happy
    I hate that I hurt her. I hate myself so much
        
    5) I regret being so broken. I hate that I am like this. I know I am seeing you to improve upon myself and to fix the brokeness, but I wish I was able to fix it long ago
    I wish I didn't bother Jia Yi with my mental issues. I just wanted to be happy together with Jia Yi. I didn't want to bother her with my emotional baggage, I just wanted to be happy with her
    I just want to love and cherish and take care of her but instead I was a burden and I made her hate me and I hate it ended up being like this
    
